index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Hello World!
tagline: Supporting tagline
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Read [Jekyll Quick Start](http://jekyllbootstrap.com/usage/jekyll-quick-start.html)

Complete usage and documentation available at: [Jekyll Bootstrap](http://jekyllbootstrap.com)

## Update Author Attributes

In `_config.yml` remember to specify your own data:
    
    title : My Blog =)
    
    author :
      name : Name Lastname
      email : blah@email.test
      github : username
      twitter : username

The theme should reference these variables whenever needed.
    
## Sample Posts

This blog contains sample posts which help stage pages and blog data.
When you don't need the samples anymore just delete the `_posts/core-samples` folder.

    $ rm -rf _posts/core-samples

Here's a sample "posts list".

<ul class="posts">
  {% for post in site.posts %}
    <li><span>{{ post.date | date_to_string }}</span> &raquo; <a href="{{ BASE_PATH }}{{ post.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a></li>
  {% endfor %}
</ul>

## To-Do

This theme is still unfinished. If you'd like to be added as a contributor, [please fork](http://github.com/plusjade/jekyll-bootstrap)!
We need to clean up the themes, make theme usage guides with theme-specific markup examples.

Commit message:

Update post descriptions and finalize index page.

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Showing machines who's boss since 1984.
tagline:
---
{% include JB/setup %}

## About
I'm a web developer living in Massachusetts and working remotely on a global development team for [Ceros](http://www.ceros.com), a powerful, collaborative, realtime, cloud based publish everywhere solution for mobile apps.

I'm interested in clean code, security, and collaborative realtime technologies. I believe truly great ideas require an amazing team and a strong DevOps foundation.  I usually write about web technologies, and am passionate about my craft.

## Latest Post
{% assign first_post = site.posts.first %}
### <a href="{{ BASE_PATH }}{{ first_post.url }}">{{ first_post.title }}</a>
{{ first_post.description }}

## Favorite Posts

### <a href="http://mattsurabian.github.io/DevOps/how-and-why-im-using-rackspace-and-opscode-hosted-chef/">How and Why I'm Using Rackspace and OpsCode Hosted Chef</a>
I recently went through the exercise of migrating my old Debian servers on Rackspace configured using a shell script to the new Rackspace OpenCloud with OpsCode hosted Chef. This post outlines what Chef is, why I’ve chosen to utilize it, and provides a link and introduction to my github hosted rackspace-kitchen.chef repo

### <a href="http://mattsurabian.github.io/Computer%20Science/eliminating-confirmation-bias-putting-the-science-back-into-computer-science/">Eliminating Confirmation Bias: Putting the Science Back Into Computer Science</a>
Confirmation bias is the tendency to favor information that supports one’s views or hypothesis. Every time you’re troubleshooting a problem and think, “I know it can’t be ________” you might be guilty of it. As a web developer I know that feeling all too well. Think about your last debugging experience...



## More Posts

<ul class="posts">
  {% for post in site.posts %}
    <li><span>{{ post.date | date_to_string }}</span> &raquo; <a href="{{ BASE_PATH }}{{ post.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a></li>
  {% endfor %}
</ul>
